DOCSUP-927: arrayZip (#95)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/query_language/functions/array_functions.md

## arrayZip {#arrayzip}

> Combines multiple Array type columns into a single Array type column. The column returned contains the corresponding elements of the source columns grouped into tuples in the listed order of arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combines multiple arrays into a single array. The resulting array contains the corresponding elements of the source arrays grouped into tuples in the listed order of arguments.
```

**Parameters**

> - `arr` — Any number of columns to combine. [Array](../../data_types/array.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `arrN` — [Array](../../data_types/array.md).
```

The function can take any number of arrays. All the arrays must have the same length.

**Returned value**

> - Single column with elements from the source columns grouped into [tuples](../../data_types/tuple.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Array with elements from the source arrays grouped into [tuples](../../data_types/tuple.md).
```
